I'll be right back.
You're welcome.
Welcome.
David.
You're right.
Come on.
Can anybody come to our room?
Please.
Come on.
Maggie.
You can see that the road's all over the farm.
Come on.
We're bound.
I'm going to turn like a road call.
We'll find out what's in there.
That's the road we're having our recess.
Margaret's talking very good.
Come on.
Get back in the front.
Want to keep going?
Wish me luck with that.
I'm sorry, remember.
One of the clerks about this, uh,
Margaret, the Jeff Sounder,
and there may be another role called on a recess.
Absolutely.
Anybody sure they have a one-dollar tooth?
One-dollar tooth?
So both then, we'll have to go and go to the back of the van.
We said for another ten minutes.
Regulations of the chemical.
We had just concluded.
One turn around the wheel and ask in question.
Do not be rich back in the councilations.
Do you have any further questions that's this time?
Go for the questions, Mr. Chair.
Chair, may I have one?
We'll come back to send him a call on a little later.
He hasn't quite returned from the floor yet.
Send the dirt.
Send him on.
Call the afternoon session to order.
He's going around the table.
Calling from the senators.
He's now gone to send a good Jackson.
Send a good message.
Mary Driscoll and now send him to board.
I'm not sure if the chair would consider technically a question.
I think it's something that will make ten minutes.
Bring it up.
I was just over on the floor of the Senate tonight.
I know that my Senator Flanders and Senator Mastic
question concerning him.
Senator Flanders this morning.
I'm going to send him a call我們的.
I'm going to send him a call.
And so on this afternoon.
The 20th Army.
On the first floor there was a wieb and鳳 a
Christophe, the
if the Center from Vermont, Mr. Flanders has any information, I think that the
Center's would want to get that. I think that he should be willing to come down
here under open testify and then in a bit of a name calling he refers to
McCarthy as Dennis the Menace.
He says that the assistant has some hold on the senator.
Can't be that our generous the men are so much to the making trouble for his
elders as the last Japanese troubling himself.
Does the committee plan to investigate the real issues that they now Mr.
Chairman this is a statement by the Center from Vermont when they
sure they trust them. I have a very patient for the Center from Vermont.
As he is engaged in his death tribes over the past number of weeks have
felt that he's a nice kindly old gentleman. I wondered whether this has been a
result of some melody or a vicious. In any case we can't let him continue to
inform me so he does have information without calling him.
And I may Mr. Chairman I may say that in the statement on the center floor he
does more than any man I have ever heard.
Do the tribe of employing Rachel and religious figures. It's a vicious
fight. It's a dishonest fight. It brings him a question of
Jewish people, heart of some people, Catholic people. May I say Mr. Chairman
that the three top people in our committee, the chief council, the chief
of staff and myself, one happens to be Jewish, one happens to be Protestant, one
happens to be Catholic. All of us are very active in our particular place.
That has been a fear not even enough for us. In this exposure of coming, then I
think that it dishonest me on words for a son of her to take the talent for and try and
inject religious and racial bigotry into this effort to explore communism.
May I say Mr. Chairman also, quoting the center, he refers to the quote incurable
success of tapping with publicans into a detailed and relentless search for some
significant evidence of subversion of the Republican administration.
Mr. Chairman, I'm sure that the chair of this committee was done such an outstanding job
in the Algerian history. Mr. General standing down in the house on America until he's
committed. We'll agree that when you get to the issue of
reasons, you can't start drawing party lines. I am sure that the very able chief council
who has done such an excellent job of bringing out the evidence cost examining on both sides
will agree that when we get to the question of subversion, there should be no party line.
And I would like now Mr. Chairman to ask the chair to subpoena, just like that. I don't
think we can subpoena the senator. I would like to ask the chair to request that the
senator from Vermont come before this committee and under oath tell us tell us funny
knows about the real heart of this mystery. Have him tell us, for example, what he knows
about menace to menace and what he refers to me being in trouble. I'd like to know what
that trouble is Mr. Chairman. I'd like to get it under oath and Mr. Chairman, the senator
from Vermont has told off some talk about the waving of senatorial immunity. And coming
out in the open giving the fact, I think that he should not be reluctant to do this. May I
say Mr. Chairman's conclusion? Well, normally, it means the practice in the senator's
chair knows to notify a senator if he has to be attacked on the senator's floor. I wasn't
notified, however, I did notify Mr. Flounders, but I was going to discuss this statement and
I invited him to be here. And I suggest that I would ask the chair to give him the opportunity
to make any statements that he had to make. I understand that the senator is not here.
In the chair, the fellow of his customary procedures refraining from commenting about any
of the comments that his colleagues make either honor or off the bill. I'm so
glad to hear that. Mr. Driscoll, you have a kind of Mr. Driscoll.
You, I take it out of the senator's number one technical area, is that right? Yes.
As I take it, you are quite an age of 50. Yes. You handle all of the nails. Yes.
When you say handle, what do you mean? Well, you have anything to do with all of the
things you want in all of the terms. I see it all. Have you taken the patient? Yes.
Both members and others. Yes. I have a somewhere around in the trust committee of some
of the officers who take the patient. I suppose so, Mr. Wells, but I don't know. They must
have the operation of the committee. Do you know the value there? Well, I know the
stress analysis. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
I found it no all of them. I don't know how many there are. All three of you are just
patients. Well, I would take the patient from any member of this faculty last week. Then
they're all in the title of this claim. I don't know whether you would call it entitled enough.
I'd be curious enough to take anything. I'm not sure if it's going to be good.
Oh, Mr. Caron has. I can't tell you who else. I know the way I have. Let's see.
Now, I want to ask you a question or two about the date on these member and you have told
us I think that they risked their stay. Our data is half or about to come when the
dictation was given to you. I think so. Suppose the dictation was given through you to stay on the
here. When you didn't get the time private on until the 11th, would you stay to leave here
until the 11th? I have no set pattern. I have no set pattern. If the date stays
alive, just to take a arbitrary date appears on the member and that will mean that either
it was dictated on how it's on that day, which it could mean could it not? Or it would
mean that it was typed on that day and dictated earlier. So, whatever we see on the
member and with the date on it, it must have been dictated on that date. The case on
it all on a day or two or three days or two. That has to be true.
You have any forms and your office for you to be dictated on the 14th floor?
I'll tell you how you feel you understand. I think that's your answer. No, in my office, we have a
form printed out with $1060 space space memorandum. Do you have anything that says
memorandum on the top of it? I think we have memorandum heads and the office
plays that because it is a chunk that we would type on. Yes, but I also have a form.
Let's look at the size of the 7th memorandum heads that we have here. Of course, I wouldn't
use those. My question is, do you have a letter size memorandum form? We do not.
They all are these memorandum heads all appear to be on claim memorandum, on claim paper.
I think you have told us that you have more than one typewriter in your office. Is that
right? Yes. And beginning back in October of 1953, you were able to use more than one typewriter.
I think you have a different name to do have. I have to again. I'm kind of proud of you.
There are any things that are oiled and there are beams. I don't know what I would have come to
support you. What do you mean little folks are those like? I'm here to use the word
I'm here to start being the electrical system. The oil, the electrical or not? No, it is not.
And the other one you mentioned before. I think we have some running stuff. I don't think
then I don't have one. Have you or just? Yes, I have one. What is that one? The one that
is now is 9 to 10. That's in the left of the typewriter. That's not. Now we just look at
just how these are these memorandums. If you have those thoughts, you know, taking
them along about 12 or 12th of 1953. So I just do them real on what machines are inside.
I can tell you. I don't know. You don't know? No, I don't recognize. I can have some
of some of certain things. What do you want to do with making a castwriter? I think I do
so much. I think I like that. Now if you occasionally get up and be your desk and go to
some others desk to type that a letter. Yes. So I want to do it there because I
have the emissary. I have the emissary. I have the emissary. What's that there? I don't
recall. I don't know. Yes. Can't you look at that? The second area is now. I'm
already talking to you about their typewriter. Don't you know when you got the one you got
now? No. You don't know how long you've had. No. You can't tell I told you that. It's
a month or two. What about a little man? No. And you don't know all this is just no
time to be able to use anything in our 30s or 30s. No, it's about five months. No.
I don't know. No. I type right on the typewriter. I don't say any thanks to the time you
typewriter. For your typewriter, I'm the first to write something. You're always taking
about that all you want to do with it. You don't know anything. And you can do it.
Any idea what this is? It's a little bit late. I'll do the typewriter. So, do you
as long as I remember an amount of coverage back in 1953? I cannot have to return.
Do I? And can you do anything for a permanent number? No. Can you do anything for a permanent
number? I'll remember. No. I can't. All right. Yes. Start out. Party 30s.
Party 30s.
You can't yell it. I cannot tell you what makes a typewriter with 2D.
You know, both. You can't go around all 8th and December 90s. You know what?
I'm not going to change your type. No, I can't. It's throughout.
For the one of December 17th.
Is that correct? This is for them. I have heard about everything now.
The first thing you're looking ready about, what kind of a typewriter should use?
The Eurodog. It must be about the pace of something or other. I'll be at least a chance.
You know, it's just passing all day long and much more than night. What particular typewriter
should use for Eurodog?
So, a lot of that person is going to be looking at it. That information he's been asking him.
Correctly 30s. The Eurodog is a question you're talking about.
But, sure, there's plenty of work that you can do to that. I'm just going to give you a call.
What is the number and the number you'll be calling? You know that, don't you?
I would give you a few. Okay.
Now, through what they had we, one of the physicists, giving you a key to recall
or identify the typewriter you would use. Before the 21st, we meet that thing.
You're asking if you'd like to see if the real time of trade I can tell you that.
So, I think I asked you about the 21st, when you have a cemetery in your office,
and you can't identify the typewriter.
I can't say that I cannot identify the typewriter on which any of these people ran.
Well, when you know a truth, when you look at a wooden car like an expert wheel,
until how many typewriter should use?
No, I don't think I can tell you that.
Do you feel the anxiety while you've popped around from one typewriter to another in your office?
No, I don't think you're unnecessarily bobbed around.
I think maybe at times there was one kind of typewriter on my desk,
and for one reason I know that it was changed and there was another one on there.
Yeah. I don't know.
What could have been, I'm not sure if it was all on the desk,
but how long would you have the typewriter at the door of the door that you might use?
I don't know.
I just don't know.
You know, the best thing is that you're trying to see me as a guy.
Well, I just had the typewriter.
I just now.
How many consecutive days have you turned my desk?
Do you know what you need?
I need just for any simple product.
You need to power, you need to have the typewriter that you've got at your desk.
No, I don't know.
You don't know.
When you've had it, don't you think you're leaking out with just?
Oh, I did.
I don't know.
You don't know that?
No, it's rough.
I'm not saying I can't do typewriter, but I can't ask for those questions.
You can't go there.
You want to go there, but you can't go there.
Tell her.
Whether or not I have to love the machine to you every day,
you could credit it as a whole or less.
Oh, you can't.
I'm not telling you.
You're not asking about the age.
You're going to change.
I'm talking about the age.
You get a new work, I can tell you.
No, I don't know.
What's the time and the time?
I'm Mr. Lincoln.
No further questions, Mr. Chairman.
No, no.
Send them a call.
Non-adaction?
No, no.
Mr. Diff, there's so many officers out there in the street that you occupy on the floor of the bus.
Four.
So, have you worked on our work again?
Yes, I do.
You'll probably be there, or should I choose that, so you can call the question, or are you there?
How does that matter to the car?
Please.
Every day.
I was telling you that I get going to the car all over the place.
That's fine.
I was in your air when this is called on the front page.
Yes.
Obviously, you've been using all this pretty casualy talking lens where I was in the city.
Well, I don't think I saw any sense of it.
Well, I'm thinking of your car all over the place.
So, I think it's just that.
Yes, I'll accept it.
You're all right.
You can just look at it that way.
Oh, but the car is just tied up.
You can work in one of the first and fifth homes in the city.
Yes, I do.
You work in the car all over the place.
You can also see what we're looking for.
The General is speaking.
I work in the third office from the front.
And if I want to type something that is marked by a confidential, and I don't...
And there are a lot of people around my desk that they're frequently asked.
I would go to another desk and type it.
I invite evening when everyone else is gone.
And there's no one there.
So, in our street, when we go to the front office to work,
first to hear the door when it comes open, people come in, and also to hear the phone.
The phone only rings in that ring.
That's just very awesome.
Well, number three.
I think each one of the workers often in the basement is going to be all the type of stuff that's going to happen.
That's right.
That's all of those types of things that are very important.
Everyone except season type of systems.
And we have a lot of them on the campus.
And we have to drop them in one office with another one desk.
And use whatever type of everything.
You have to do everything.
The type of everything is going to be in the wheelchair.
So, you do the life of the guy who acts like that, don't you?
Very good.
This one question now has been brought up.
In your office, do the secretary move from next to death for the days, have their own demographic death?
Each arrow has a death.
Well, that's what I didn't plan to say.
Each girl has her own death.
That's right.
But do you use various deaths?
I just hope that the director on occasion is I want to type something at my desk,
and there are people around it.
I don't want to do the type things for a standing over me.
It may be at lunchtime when some of the other deaths are vacant.
I'll use that there.
If I want to, there'll be an indication.
She may be at six.
Now, use that death.
Who uses your death?
No one.
I don't use anything.
No one ever sits at my desk.
But if I've left my desk there to reason five,
and I just sit down on my desk to use the phone,
I may be sitting there.
He wants to use the type I have.
Like, it's just that he's not out of his place.
Generally speaking, you use your death for what 90% of your work is,
it's only on rare occasions that you'd be using some other death.
Well, not a question of while, when something I don't want to type it about people,
and you're just not bad, I'll move.
And then the afternoon, when I move when you're very late,
I always bet when everyone else is gone,
it's not only you should be able to turn off the door,
but on hour, have a long, I'm going to be there,
so that I can use the phone so that it can't be in hour, no.
And does the other type there do the same?
The other type there do the same.
And they don't have any expectations.
That's all.
We have a minute and a minute.
A minute and a minute.
Next to the minute and a minute.
We have the office.
We don't have jest.
We have the chief.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, the office is far as deflected.
How many people will be in the office?
Which is what?
11.
12.
I reach you in.
Let's all.
From the family room.
This is a guy I just went.
I've been there to you.
The whole way you have there is a regional tenant.
There's two.
I'm not sure that there's one of those two.
It's five.
You were dead.
That's the same question.
Oh, thank you.
I can't tell.
I just don't recognize.
Every day, it's a dark rudder.
You don't know which is one.
The fine grind is the one that makes the lot of this high.
I can't take this.
If you were written on a rattle or a ram, come on.
The fine grinder you have is the one that makes the lot of letters.
Fire dents for the one that makes the small letters.
There's generally speaking how low the fine grinders make the small.
Would they have been down from each other in there?
Yes, they are.
The longest size.
In those that you have there.
I was wondering whether that was the type of rider by your death.
The one that made the small letters.
I was sitting beside my death.
That's not.
No, 45.
Is there any advice?
I have a question.
I think the view of life is going into this question.
How many times have you been around the office?
Four.
Ten girls.
Each girl has the type of rider.
I think there's one or two.
That's the one that makes the small letters.
Ten.
The typewriter and the company being service-telling.
Yes, they are.
And so it's thousands of brain normally.
And almost half of it has went to take it out.
And you have her for the podium.
Yes.
And on your go.
When a typewriter is sending service to a new typewriter.
Take out your own.
And that goes to the milk and drop it.
Oh, no.
It's usually, unless you want a really typewriter,
it doesn't change it.
But you're not supposed to send it to someone else's box.
If you just send it down to the computer.
If you just send it down to the computer,
it's clear that I claim.
Unless you ask for a different typewriter.
I knew when they would bring that one back.
I don't know if it's important to this.
The typewriter investigation plan is curious enough.
I know what the fifth and fifth news is.
It's got about 10 or 11 typewriters in your office.
And the one typewriter is taking out
another typewriter's plan, right?
Yes.
But over a ton of her junk, you know,
they have the typewriter one day.
And unless they're taking down to be service.
You get a different typewriter.
When his typewriter has some clean,
that's making it back to all of them.
So is that from my room, or what?
No, I think that you can have a typewriter
that needs cleaning and blunt,
near it to sign to you.
And it goes down to be cleaned.
When they finish, where does it bring it back?
But if you don't like it, or if something really wrong with it,
you can turn that one in and get no one.
Perfect.
When they're prepared to one, turn it in and give that to some other
typewriter.
Perfect.
He turned it upside.
Right.
So, this is the first number and the updated December 9
that you've probably charted for.
Are you looking at it?
Yes, I am.
Hold it, you determine the size.
Do you have a number and the one is the best file or you now have it?
The test is the same subject matter.
The test is the seven letters.
These are the two.
Both things and the same things and the atoms.
I'm sorry.
Same thing, the same things and the atoms.
Well, this, this thing when we talked about atoms, does it not?
So, that.
If you have a file on atoms or not.
No.
Then you, if anybody has you to put stuff,
room random, can you file?
No.
You just thought of a few things.
Can't do it all.
Yes.
No, you have to stay next to it, too, you will.
What?
You learned a math, always a math, and you have second memorandums,
that December 9, 1953.
If you rely on, as you decided, that memo went into this file.
I'm sorry, I can hear you.
Looking outside of the game, looking at the number of the second memorandum,
date of December 9, 1953.
What word or words you tell me for you, the left image of that memorandum?
It's subject matter of it.
It's subject matter.
Flammary 83?
No, what's the subject matter?
It's an error from Frank Carter, from the coffee.
Ralfick, two coffee head with John, and Ralfick, who are you talking about?
Well, he's a rocker.
I talk, he has a tongue, and...
Is that the subject matter?
It's off the job, and it's...
Flammary 83?
That didn't make you to put it in this file, would it?
But it made me to put it in this file, and so on.
I know, it didn't make you to put it in this file.
No, why?
So, that's those words, John Adam, some way that you to put the left memorandum in this file.
No, I'm afraid you don't understand me, Mr. Well.
I've had the entire memorandum, and determined from the text of it,
to go in this folder, in my opinion, and I was to run during the filing.
Well, now the first paragraph, you've heard the word,
SHINE in the subject.
You see that in the second line?
I was the first paragraph.
Yes.
No, the first paragraph.
I'm dealing with a student's topic, myself.
Well, that paragraph has the word SHINE in the subject.
Four times.
Yes?
That paragraph has the word SHINE in it.
One, two, three, four, five,
four times.
Because it's not.
Well, I'm Adam Cahn.
I just got to give you seven times.
Well, I'll count one for you.
Okay.
Now something is touching on that there's a bit being
a response with thisvalid sign here.
Yeah.
I imagine when it comes to another paragraph,
I'm going to go ahead and get the
response.
Okay.